doctors think they know nutrition but
studies show that most of them really
don't the majority overstate their
actual knowledge so what's the solution
obviously more nutrition training in
medical school but what about for all
the docs running around now attendance
at lifestyle modification and chronic
disease management workshops could form
an essential component of continuing
education for both medical and nursing
professionals doctors have to get
continuing medical education credit
anyway why not mandate a few hours for
nutrition good idea said one of my
favorite medical mentors dr. John a
McDougald who drafted a bill in
California to require physicians and
surgeons to complete by December 31st
2016 a mandatory continuing education
course in the subject of nutrition and
lifestyle behavior for the treatment of
chronic diseases I've been in the
business medicines pneus 1968 so 44
years my son just graduated from medical
school two years ago and he can't
remember a course on nutrition but
you're going to hear from other
interested parties that we don't need to
have a law that mandates that doctors
get an education on something basic like
nutrition because no doctors already
take care of this well that's plain and
simple not true and not only is this a
travesty for the patient it's insulting
to the doctor not to be able to deliver
this kind of a powerful tool for their
patience to teach them about the cause
of dietary diseases and based on the
scientific literature if you're correct
what's making people sick they get well
so as doctors were missing a real
opportunity and it's not going to be
fixed unless somebody does something
about it and that is to mandate basic
education on human nutrition thank you